Add support for inherited nullability from PHP (#11814)
doctrine/doctrine2: docs/en/reference/association-mapping.rst

targeted class followed by "\_id". The referencedColumnName always
defaults to "id", just as in one-to-one or many-to-one mappings.

Additionally, when using typed properties with ORM 2.9 or newer
you can skip ``targetEntity`` in ``ManyToOne`` and ``OneToOne``
associations as they will be set based on type. Also with ORM 3.4

> or newer, ``nullable`` attribute on ``JoinColumn`` will be inherited

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or newer, the ``nullable`` attribute on ``JoinColumn`` will be inferred
```
